1367878253
AddPaperclipFieldsToArticle	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501203436_add_paperclip_fields_to_article.rb	class AddPaperclipFieldsToArticle 
Application	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Article	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/article.rb	class Article 
ArticleTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/article_test.rb	class ArticleTest 
ArticlesController	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	class ArticlesController 
ArticlesControllerTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/functional/articles_controller_test.rb	class ArticlesControllerTest 
ArticlesHelper	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/helpers/articles_helper.rb	module ArticlesHelper
ArticlesHelperTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/helpers/articles_helper_test.rb	class ArticlesHelperTest 
Author	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/author.rb	class Author 
AuthorSessionsController	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/author_sessions_controller.rb	class AuthorSessionsController 
AuthorTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/author_test.rb	class AuthorTest 
AuthorsController	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	class AuthorsController 
AuthorsControllerTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/functional/authors_controller_test.rb	class AuthorsControllerTest 
AuthorsHelper	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/helpers/authors_helper.rb	module AuthorsHelper
AuthorsHelperTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/helpers/authors_helper_test.rb	class AuthorsHelperTest 
Blogger	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/config/application.rb	module Blogger
BrowsingTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Comment	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/comment.rb	class Comment 
CommentTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/comment_test.rb	class CommentTest 
CommentsController	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	class CommentsController 
CommentsControllerTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/functional/comments_controller_test.rb	class CommentsControllerTest 
CommentsHelper	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/helpers/comments_helper.rb	module CommentsHelper
CommentsHelperTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/helpers/comments_helper_test.rb	class CommentsHelperTest 
CreateArticles	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130430173453_create_articles.rb	class CreateArticles 
CreateComments	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130430214802_create_comments.rb	class CreateComments 
CreateTaggings	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501194110_create_taggings.rb	class CreateTaggings 
CreateTags	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501193939_create_tags.rb	class CreateTags 
SorceryCore	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501210300_sorcery_core.rb	class SorceryCore 
Tag	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/tag.rb	class Tag 
TagTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/tag_test.rb	class TagTest 
Tagging	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/tagging.rb	class Tagging 
TaggingTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/tagging_test.rb	class TaggingTest 
TagsController	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	class TagsController 
TagsControllerTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/functional/tags_controller_test.rb	class TagsControllerTest 
TagsHelper	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/helpers/tags_helper.rb	module TagsHelper
TagsHelperTest	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/unit/helpers/tags_helper_test.rb	class TagsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130430214802_create_comments.rb	  def change
change	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130430173453_create_articles.rb	  def change
change	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501193939_create_tags.rb	  def change
change	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501194110_create_taggings.rb	  def change
change	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501203436_add_paperclip_fields_to_article.rb	  def change
create	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb		def create
create	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/author_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb		def destroy
destroy	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/author_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501210300_sorcery_core.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb		def edit
edit	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb		def new
new	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/author_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb		def show
show	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def show
tag_list	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/article.rb	  def tag_list
tag_list=	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/article.rb	  def tag_list=(tags_string)
test_homepage	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
to_s	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/models/tag.rb	  def to_s
up	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/db/migrate/20130501210300_sorcery_core.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/articles_controller.rb		def update
update	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def update
zero_authors_or_authenticated	/home/pawel/repo/blogger/app/controllers/authors_controller.rb	  def zero_authors_or_authenticated
